pacman-q: add alias page; pacman-query: update page (#15180)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/pacman-query.md

> See also: `pacman`.
> More information: <https://manned.org/pacman.8>.

- [Q]uery the local package database and list installed packages and versions:

`pacman -Q`

- List only packages and versions that were [e]xplicitly installed:

`pacman -Qe`

- Find which package [o]wns a file:

`pacman -Qo {{filename}}`

- Display information about an [i]nstalled package:

`pacman -Qi {{package}}`

- [L]ist files owned by a package:

`pacman -Ql {{package}}`

> - List orphan packages (installed as [d]ependencies but unrequired ([t]) by any package without errors displayed ([q]):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List orphan packages (installed as [d]ependencies but unrequired ([t]) by any package without errors displayed:
```
Here the ([q]) should be attached to a word that's as close as possible to the longform word. I'm a bit hesitant on how I'd fix this.

> - List orphan packages (installed as [d]ependencies but unrequired ([t]) by any package in quiet ([q]) mode (no errors displayed)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List orphan packages (installed as [d]ependencies but unrequired ([t]) by any package and print in quiet ([q]) mode (no errors displayed)):
```
Looking good. I feel this is a necessary clarification.

> - List orphan packages (installed as [d]ependencies but unrequired ([t]) by any package and print in [q]uiet mode (no error messages displayed)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List orphan packages (installed as [d]ependencies but unrequired ([t]) by any package and print in [q]uiet mode (only package name is displayed)):
```
One more thing. I went to the manual to make sure this was correct

> - List installed packages and versions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Q]uery the local package database and list installed packages and versions:
```
Take a look at the previous page refreshes and try to pass the meaning of the options to the mnemonics
https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/14658/files

Reviewer: I don't see these issues being resolved.

Author: Should be good, also checked sync which answered my question below.

`pacman -Q`

> - List only packages and versions that were explicitly installed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List only packages and versions that were [e]xplicitly installed:
```

`pacman -Qe`

> - Find which package owns a file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Find which package [o]wns a file:
```
